let me tell you about my day you are
about to lose this company 970 two
million dollars I'm sorry I got fired
but still I cry a lot lately I got
dumped by an Ellen do you love me
yes good ha ha and then when things
couldn't get any worse
drew it's your sister
I have some really bad news I'll bring
him home
Louisville Kentucky huh home misses her
family my dad he's okay right he's
[Music]
why uncle Mitch always want us to me if
I says we look alike weird uh like
looking in the mirror this is your blood
[Music]
right here is your grandfather had three
nipples hello hello stranger
wait a second I'll be right back hello
you have to come home she's out of
control new home country we're gonna
make it I need to call you right back
no problem Just Dial hell and I'll
answer
[Music]
we were actually gonna drive down here
together we were supposed to get to know
each other better as adults next year
someone dug a hole six long feet in the
ground it's a very unique mess it's for
your road trip home roll down your
window
[Music]
larsa's sons
this is your life let's do something
interesting with it
[Music]
that we should have taken this trip
years ago
what I think you should eat something
[Music]
please don't take this as rejection
you
[Music]